CHAPTER 7
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me,” I gasped.
Brock’s eyes widened and then he threw back his head, laughing loudly
and freely. “Ms. Lima, language.”
My face turned blood red. Did he seriously just say that to me?
Andre’s smile was a bit sly as he eyed the both of us, and I knew—I just
knew—he was fully aware of the fact I had no idea Brock was going to be here. Just like my mother had to have known and just like my father had failed to mention.
My family was a bunch of assholes.
“Okay, I’m going to go—uh, pretend to do something,” Andre said. Brock’s brown eyes were trained on me as he stepped aside and clapped
the shorter man on the shoulder.
“Good luck,” Andre said to him, and my hands balled into fists.
The half-grin appeared on Brock’s mouth and he waited until Andre had
disappeared. “I don’t think I’ve ever heard you use the word ‘fuck’ before.” His gaze flipped to the ceiling. “Well, there was the one time you tripped over your own feet and banged your knees off the pool deck. Pretty sure you yelled ‘fuck’ then.”
“This is not happening,” I murmured, heart thumping heavily in my chest.
“Actually, I think you yelled ‘fuck’ when your uncle Julio caught you trying to sneak out of the house. You remember that, right? You were trying to follow me—”
“You can stop,” I snapped, “with the walk down Fuck Lane.”
That grin increased, spreading into a full smile that caused my stomach to dip. I placed steadying hands on my desk. “Please tell me I’m dreaming right now.”
“If you were dreaming, I’d hope we’d both have less clothes on.”
“What?” My jaw hit the top of the table. Was he flirting with me? Not entirely surprising. If you looked up “flirt” on the internet, I was sure it had
 a picture of him grinning the panties right off of some chick, so I guessed a fiancée wasn’t going to change that.
Chuckling, Brock leaned against the door and folded his arms across his broad chest, stretching the material of his white button-down. My gaze dropped. Yep. He was wearing the damn Chucks. “You’re not dreaming, Jillian. I’m the new General Manager and you’re my assistant manager.”
“There is no way,” I said dumbly.
He glanced around, arching a brow. “Is it really that surprising?”
I wanted to scream yes, but I should’ve guessed it the moment I saw
Brock Friday night. Anger swept through me. Not only did I feel incredibly stupid for not figuring out Brock was my new boss, I was extremely pissed everyone in my family had basically set me up.
Taking a deep breath, I asked, “Can you give me a second? Please?”
Brock didn’t move for a moment and then he unfolded his arms. “Your wish is my command.”
My fingers curled around the edge of the desk to stop myself from throwing something at him. The moment he stepped out of my office, I hurried to the door and closed it behind him. Storming back to the desk, I pulled my cellphone out of the little slip inside my purse and jabbed my finger on my father’s contact.
He answered on the third ring, his accented voice way too cheery for this time of the morning. “Jillian, my baby girl, are you—”
“Brock is the new General Manager?” I whispered-yelled into the phone.
“You’re at the office already? It’s not even eight-fifteen—Wait, Brock is already there too?” He laughed. “That is surprising.”
“That’s not really important right now.” I took a deep, calming breath. “Brock really is . . . he’s the GM?”
“I don’t think you really need to ask that question,” he responded. “Especially when you know the answer to it.”
Closing my eyes, I held the phone so tightly I was surprised it didn’t shatter into a million pieces. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Would it have a made a difference?” he asked.
Yes. A thousand times yes, but I didn’t say that. I refused to admit that. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“You’re going to have to ask him that.” There was a pause. “I didn’t offer you this job because I thought you couldn’t handle working with him or that

 you would be calling me on your first day, thirty minutes before you should even be there.”
Ouch.
“And I’m not saying that to hurt you, hon. You know that. Hurting you is the last thing I’d ever want to do.” There was another gap of silence while I contemplated knocking the computer off my desk with a ninja kick, and then Dad said, “You can do this.”
Then he hung up on me.
What in the hell?
For a moment I didn’t move and then I lifted my chin and saw Brock waiting outside the office. That grin was back on his face as he raised a hand and crooked his finger, motioning me to come out of the office, to come to him.
My temper flared. Seconds away from flipping him off, I forced myself to gently place my phone on the desk.
There was a huge part of me that couldn’t believe this was happening, but I had to face the fact that Brock—one of the main reasons why I’d left Philly, the man I’d loved with every ounce of my stupid little being and the man who broke my heart—was not just back in my life, he was also my boss.
Holy crap, this was like worse than a nightmare.
I had two options at this point.
Option one included me grabbing my purse, walking out of the office,
whopping Brock over the head with the thing, and then driving straight to the unemployment office and then on to an epic job search. That option scared me, because hello, being jobless was not exactly a smart move, but having to see Brock five days a week also wasn’t a smart move. And his hard head would probably damage my purse.
Walking out of here meant no more wet food at all for Rhage.
Or new purses for me.
Option two required that I gain some lady balls and deal with the cards
dealt, and I’d obviously done that before, to some extent. I was standing here today, and even though my life hadn’t panned out exactly like I’d expected it, I was a walking miracle. Dealing with Brock was by no means the hardest thing I’d had to stare down. I was finally where I felt like I needed to be.

 I was finally starting to live outside the pages of my favorite books.
Brock had chased me out of my home, away from my family and friends, and out of my family business.
No, I told myself. That wasn’t exactly true. I made the decision to run from my home, away from my family and friends, and from my family legacy. That was all me.
Choosing to stay meant Fancy Feast for Rhage, a new purse or two for me eventually, and a job that would actually mean something to me.
But this option, staying here and working for Brock, terrified me. Not just because it truly forced me to move on from the mess that was our past, but also because it would inevitably require that I actually face it.
Obviously, I admittedly had a habit of not doing that.
There was a third option, I realized. I could stay and do this job while looking for a new one if being around Brock was just . . . well, too much.
Squaring my shoulders, I decided I was going to exist somewhere between option two and three and I walked around my desk and to the door, joining Brock.
“What?” I asked, my tone sharper than I intended.
One eyebrow arched. “Watching you in there, it seemed like you were deciding between toppling the desk and breaking a window or walking out here and staying, working for your family like you always wanted to.”
I sucked in an unsteady breath, split between wondering if I was as transparent as a glass door and being extremely uncomfortable with the reminder of how well Brock knew me.
“So,” he said, dipping his head slightly as he stepped in. He was so close I could feel the heat from his body. “What did you decide, Jillian?”
Forcing myself to hold his gaze, I ignored the way every inch of my body was immediately aware of Brock, like it had been the moment I started seeing him as more than just a boy who was supposed to be like a brother to me. “I’m staying.”
“Good.” His smile was slow and soft. “That’s what I was hoping to hear.”
“Really?” I couldn’t believe it, because I would think he’d find this just as awkward.
He studied me a moment and then said, “Let’s chat.”
My mouth opened, with my initial instinct driving me to refuse, but I snapped my mouth shut and nodded. I may have been a coward when it

came to Brock and all that, but I wasn’t stupid. He was my boss now, and I wouldn’t get myself fired. I wouldn’t embarrass my father like that.
Brock stepped aside and then moved to my left side as I followed him to the GM’s office—to his office. He held the door open for me, and waited until he was back on my left side before he spoke. At dinner Friday evening, he didn’t seem to remember or realize I couldn’t hear half of what he’d been saying. Did someone remind him?
“Have a seat,” he offered.
Looking around the office, I realized today was not Brock’s first day here. No way. It wasn’t the fact that his desk was covered with neat stacks of paper or that a gym bag rested in the corner, next to a pair of sneakers. It was the pictures on the fully stocked credenza—framed photos of Brock proudly holding a champion belt high. Another photo of him with his arm around my father, both wearing sponsor shirts and beaming at the camera. Several more photos of Brock with my uncles—
My breath caught.
There, in the middle of all those photos, was a picture I recognized immediately, because it used to be mine. It used to sit on my nightstand back home, because it had been my favorite picture of Brock and me.
Brock was in a tux, his hair a spiky, glorious mess, and I was standing next to him, in a deep red ankle-length gown with a heart-shaped neckline. It was from my senior prom, and I couldn’t stop staring at it, because that night, I felt beautiful. I felt like I belonged on Brock’s arm. But it was more than that. That night, I’d been confident. I’d been strong. I’d been full of possibilities.
Without realizing what I was doing, I walked over to the credenza and reached out to pick up the photo, but stopped short of touching it. “How . . . how did you get this?”
“You left it behind the last time you left.” There was a constricted pause, and then he said, “Considering what you said to me the last time we were standing this close, I figured you wouldn’t care if I took it.”
A knot of emotion formed in my throat and I had to look away from the photo. He’d been in my old bedroom? Obviously. I had no idea why he had that photo here, but I couldn’t focus on it. My gaze focused on a large flat- screen TV hanging on the wall opposite the desk. Why in the world did he need a TV in his office?