CHAPTER 10
The massive omelet was steaming hot and full of nearly every meat possible—sausage, Italian sausage, bacon, Canadian bacon, and ham. Of course, I squeezed some veggies in there. It had peppers and mushrooms.
And cheese.
Lots of cheese, and I didn’t care that cheese wasn’t a veggie.
I’d never been more excited about anything in my life.
Avery went the steak and eggs route with a side order of extra crispy
bacon. And it was a huge T-bone steak. Across from us was a very pregnant Teresa who had a stack of pancakes, a side bowl of fruit, and an order of sausage links.
I loved that these women ate as much as me.
Sunday breakfast was a tradition that had started back in Pennsylvania and had carried over to the West Virginia girls. I’d been invited to join them the moment I showed up at Shepherd all those years ago, because I’d met them through mutual friends. I’d bailed on them more than I joined them, but that was something I was actively changing.
I dug into my omelet as Avery’s phone lit up. She placed her knife down and picked up the phone, laughing softly. “Oh man.”
Avery extended the phone to the center of the table and there was a picture of Jack, Jase’s son from a previous relationship, who was currently giving a very happy Ava a piggyback ride.
Jack was somewhere in his double digits of life. I was terrible at figuring out how old kids were. I guessed it was something that came along with producing them. He looked so much like Jase it made you do a double take. Rich russet-colored hair and beautiful gray eyes, he was a baby heartbreaker in the making. Next to them were two leashed tortoises. It looked like Jack had been trying to walk them when Ava climbed on his back.
“Oh, Ava is in heaven.” Teresa popped a piece of watermelon into her mouth and then looked down as a bit of juice plopped on her swollen stomach. She sighed.
 “Ava’s in love with Jack,” Avery explained to me and then grinned at Teresa. “Whenever Jack comes over, Ava is literally one step behind him, like his little shadow. It’s so adorable.”
“It is,” Teresa agreed, stabbing a sausage link with a fork. “Which I’m sure Cam will be thrilled with once Ava gets older.”
Avery rolled her eyes. “He’s going to be one of those dads. You know? The kind that cleans a shotgun in front of the boys Ava dates.”
Teresa arched a brow. “Does Cam even own a gun?”
“No, but I bet he will once Ava hits sixteen.”
I laughed as I cut another large section of the omelet.
“Thank you again for watching Ava and Alex for us,” Avery said for the
hundredth time. “You have no idea how hard it is to get out on time when you have kids.” She pointed her fork at Teresa. “At least with Jack, he’s always been old enough to not need constant attention. Just wait until the baby comes. Getting laid becomes an Olympic sport. Thanks to Jillian, we were finally able to hopefully not make baby number three.”
Chalk that up to things I never needed to know happened when I watched their kids.
“Yeah, but we have built-in babysitting,” Teresa replied. “Jack.”
“True,” Avery said.
Teresa giggled as she rubbed her swollen belly. “Either way, if there’s a
will, there’s a way,” she said, dipping the sausage link in a pool of syrup. “By the way, Jillian, don’t think we didn’t notice how you skimmed the details on your date.”
“Mmm?” I mumbled around a mouthful of egg and cheese.
Avery raised her brows. “So, you said you had a good time and that you guys were getting dinner on Wednesday, but did you guys, you know . . .” She elbowed me in the side. “Did you kiss? Did you do more?”
“Did you have sex?” Teresa asked.
I coughed, nearly choking on a piece of diced bacon. “No. No sex. Not that there is anything wrong with sex on the first date,” I hastily advised, because seriously, I saw nothing wrong with that. It just wasn’t how I moved since that seemed fast and I was like a three-legged turtle when it came to relationships. “He did try to kiss me.”
“Try?” Teresa’s brow creased.

 Reaching for my glass of Coke, I shrugged a shoulder. “I turned my head when he leaned down. I didn’t mean to. I just wasn’t thinking.”
“Oh,” Avery said, sounding disappointed.
“What?” I asked.
“Nothing.” She cut off a piece of steak.
I took a drink and then placed the cup down. “That didn’t sound like
nothing.”
“I think it was more of a ‘if you want to be kissed by someone you don’t
turn your head from them’ kind of thing,” Teresa explained.
“I want to be kissed by him!” I exclaimed, and then flushed when the snowy-haired woman across from us looked over at me. “I do. It’s just . . . I
don’t have a lot of experience.”
Teresa’s eyes widened like blue saucers. “Are you—?”
“No. I’m not a virgin,” I said, shifting uncomfortably. “I’ve only been in
one relationship.”
“That guy was a dick,” Avery said.
“Yeah, I know that, but there wasn’t anyone before that? After him?”
Teresa asked.
I shook my head. “It’s not easy for me . . .” I trailed off as I scooped up a
huge piece of omelet. What was I about to say to them? That it wasn’t easy because I wasn’t entirely comfortable with the way I looked?
God, that sounded lame when you said it out loud. Hell, I hadn’t been exactly comfortable before everything. Would they truly understand that? Teresa and Avery were very pretty women, beautiful in their own ways.
“I just suck at the whole dating thing,” I continued. “I have really bad taste in guys. I mean, I’m not saying Grady is bad. It’s just that . . . I don’t know what I’m saying. Please ignore me.”
Teresa glanced over at Avery and then leaned forward as far as her belly would allow, which wasn’t far at all. “We all sucked at dating. Especially Avery.”
“True,” she said happily, slicing off another section of meat. “There are times when I look back, I’m still shocked that Cam and I got together. I was . . . well, I was totally closed off to the idea of dating anyone. He was just determined to change that.”
She leaned against the seat, her hand going back to her belly. “You know, I don’t think I ever told you this, but the guy I dated all the way back in

 high school was a real dickhead. He hit me.”
I nearly dropped my fork. She hadn’t told me that. “I didn’t know.”
“And let’s just say, when Cam found out, things went down shit creek
with no paddle. But the point is, I’ve had crappy taste in guys too. It’s nothing to be embarrassed about, especially not when you’ve recognized you had that issue—had as in past tense. And it’s okay if you turned your head when Grady was about to kiss you. Maybe you’re just not ready for the relationship to get to that level.”
Nodding slowly, I poked at what was left of my omelet. I wasn’t nineteen anymore. I was twenty-six, four years from thirty. So when in the holy hell would I be ready? At exactly what point would I be . . . be normal?
Thank God the conversation moved away from me, and they started talking about their desires to offer their own dance classes. I hated feeling this way—acknowledging that, at times, I had such little confidence in myself. Embarrassing wasn’t even the word for it. No one liked a woman who looked in a mirror and didn’t love what she saw.
Which was so damn ridiculous if you thought about it.
Pulling a mushroom out of the omelet with my fork, irritation pricked at me. I remembered when Abby had first reconnected with Colton and she’d been so uncomfortable with herself. The mere idea of becoming intimate with him terrified her and she’d been embarrassed to even admit she felt that way. What had I said to her? That not having the greatest confidence didn’t make her any less of a person or something to feel bad about?
It made her normal, average even, because the average woman out there didn’t look at herself every day and say “damn, I’m amazing.” Everyone had moments when they doubted themselves and had trouble looking at their reflections for reasons that went beyond the physical.
I’d always felt that being told you should be more confident was like getting slapped in the face. How was being told that supposed to help you feel better?
I needed to cut myself a break. Seriously.
Shoving the mushroom and another chunk of omelet in my mouth, my ears perked up when I heard Avery say, “We would just need the space for a studio. Honestly, at this point, we’d just need a large room, but every place I’d looked at in town needed a lot of work and the rents were ridiculous.”
“What are you guys talking about?” I asked.

Teresa was toying with a napkin, folding it into a tiny square as she said, “You know how Avery and I have been wanting to open up our own dance studio, starting small with just offering a few classes since I’m obviously out of commission for a while.” She patted her belly. “So we just need a space, but what’s available in town is ridiculous.”
“It’s either too big or too small,” Avery confirmed. “And almost always overpriced for the kind of work required to convert the room into an appropriate studio.”
An idea hit me, and I couldn’t believe I had never thought of it before, because I had heard them talk about fulfilling their dreams to start up their own dance company. Then again, I’d never been in this position until now.
“We have quite a bit of space available at the Academy, on the first and second floors, that we’re currently looking at renting out,” I explained, looking between the two. “Most of the space is completely empty. Would obviously need something work to make it ready for a studio, but I know my father wants to expand the kind of services we offer. I know you guys are looking at doing your own thing, but—”
“We’d eventually love to do our own thing, but we know we don’t have the type of capital or reputation right now,” Avery said, practically bouncing in her seat. “Partnering with an organization like the Lima Academy . . .”
“Would be beyond anything we’d expected.” Excitement filled Teresa’s eyes. “Do you have to get permission from your father?”
“Not yet. I just need to talk to . . .” My brows lifted. “I just need to talk to Brock and see what he thinks. If I can convince him, then we might have a space for you. We could have you guys come in, look around, talk about what would need to be done, and how much it would cost.”
“That sounds amazing,” Avery said, exchanging a delighted look with Teresa, and for the first time in a long time, I let myself smile without trying to hide it.