CHAPTER 5
I spent the rest of Saturday and most of Sunday absurdly proud of myself, because agreeing to go out with Grady again without Cam and Avery was a good step—a great step, because what else would I be doing?
Living like a hermit in my apartment, arguing with my asshole cat while trying not to drop ice cream on my Kindle and using my stomach as a table for my bowl? Yep. That sounded almost right.
Sunday night, I spent an ungodly amount of time going through my closet, plotting what I would wear on my first day at work at the Academy. That time was interrupted by a call from the mothership.
“Are you excited about tomorrow?” That was what Mom said when I answered the phone.
I grinned. “I am. I’m a little nervous. I’m trying to figure out what to wear.”
“Honey, it’s a training facility. You could probably wear jeans.”
“I cannot!” I shook my head as I rummaged through the stacks of black work pants and then eyed the skirts and dresses I never wore. “The staff in Philly don’t wear jeans. Unless that’s changed?”
“Your father owns the company. You can wear whatever you want,” she replied dryly.
That was not true, not even remotely. The fact that my father owned the company and the assistant-manager job had been created out of thin air was probably going to be an issue with some of the staff at Martinsburg, but I was trying not to dwell on it.
“So, how did your date with your friends go?” Mom asked, changing the subject.
“It was good.” I plucked out a pair of pants and held them to my chest. “Speaking of my date, you’ll never guess who I ran into.”
“Santa?”
I rolled my eyes. My mom was weird. Loved her, but she was so weird. “Um no. I ran into Brock.”
Mom was silent.
 My earlier suspicion blossomed. “You didn’t happen to talk to him recently?”
There was a pause. “I talked to him about a week ago.”
I turned as Rhage darted in front of the closet door, chasing what I hoped was some invisible insect. “Did you tell him where I was Friday night?”
“No,” Mom said immediately. “I know how you feel about him. I wouldn’t tell him where to find you.”
That was a weird way of answering the question, but then Mom asked carefully, “Did you talk him?”
Walking out of the closet, I placed the pants on the chair by the door. “Yes. For a couple of minutes.”
“And . . . and how did that go?”
“It was okay,” I answered hesitantly, not wanting to give her any false hope that Brock and I were suddenly going to reconnect and become best friends forever. “Do you know why he was here?”
“So you guys talked and it was okay?” she asked instead. “Jillian, this is the first time you talked to him in how many years?”
“A lot of years, but do—”
“I’m sure it was more than okay,” she said. “I’m sure that there was probably a little part of you relieved to have actually spoken to him?”
I started to tell her “hell no,” but was there a part of me that was relieved? I wasn’t sure. What did I have to be relieved over?
“Honey, I know this is an old conversation, but you two were so close. From the moment your father brought him into the house, you were his little shadow. You thought the world of him at one point, and I know he still thinks that of you,” she said, and my free hand clenched into a ball so tight my knuckles ached. “So talking to him had to be more than okay. You were that friend to him, Jilly, and because of that, perhaps one day, you two will find your way back to each other.”
I sucked in a shallow breath, reminded of another person saying the same thing to me. “I’m not that friend anymore, Mom. It’s not like that. It will never be like that.”
“Maybe not, but the future isn’t written in stone.”
This was not what I wanted to talk about and this conversation was pointless, because I didn’t plan on seeing him again. “Look, I’ve got to go. I’ll call you later, okay?”

 Mom sighed, and it was a sigh of someone who was worried and not annoyed. “Okay. I’ll talk to you soon. I love you.”
“I love you, too.”
Hanging up the phone, I sat on the edge of my bed and found my mind wandering once more into places I’d rather it not, but it was something Mom had said—something that my friend Katie had also said to me hours before every aspect of my life had changed.
“You’re that friend, Jillian.”
I felt like that wasn’t really something I needed pointed out, but I stayed quiet as I listened to Katie Barbara break down the last decade of my life with the wisdom only a psychic stripper could lay upon you.
“You’re the friend who’s always there, no matter what. Even if you don’t want to be there, you’re still there.” She pointed the strip of extra-crispy bacon in my direction. “You’re so that friend.”
I glanced down at my scrambled eggs and sighed. How had this conversation even come up, because if I was in the possession of a Time- Turner, I would so go back and stop this from being the topic.
Beside me, Abby Ramsey shifted forward, dropping her elbows onto the table. I lifted my gaze, searching for the waitress. This would be a great time for her to ask if we wanted our checks. Problem was it was Saturday morning at IHOP and the place was . . . well, hopping.
Katie bit into her strip of bacon, which had actually been the last piece of bacon she’d swiped off my plate. “Like this weekend, for example. You haven’t been coming home during the summer. Not really, and you only have a couple of more weeks before your fall semester starts, right? But you’re here today.”
I started to defend myself, but Abby spoke up. “Katie, she didn’t leave Shepherd just for him.”
Well . . .
Sitting back against the booth, I kept my mouth shut. Of course Abby would defend me. I was closer to her than I was to Katie. Abby and I had first met years ago at a book signing, and our mutual love of reading had spawned what I like to think was a pretty epic friendship, considering there was a ten year gap between us.
But love of books knew no age.

Growing up, I’d always known of Katie. Even in a city as populated as Philadelphia and its surrounding suburbs, everyone knew Katie. And it really wasn’t because she was a stripper at the club across from the bar called Mona’s. It also wasn’t because she claimed to be psychic, a side effect of falling off a slippery pole.
It was just that Katie was a friend of everyone. I didn’t think there was a person out there that Katie hadn’t befriended at some point.
But right then I was kind of wishing I hadn’t agreed to this breakfast when I’d told Abby I’d be coming up for the weekend.
“You know damn well that’s why she’s here,” Katie retorted, finishing off the slice of bacon before flipping thick blonde hair over her shoulder. “He’s the only thing that brings her back here at a snap of a finger.”
“I wouldn’t say it’s the only thing,” I reasoned, picking up my glass of soda. “I came home last month.”
“For the Fourth of July,” she returned.
Abby’s sigh was nearly swallowed by the sip of coffee she took. “I think what Katie is trying to say—”
“She knows what I’m saying.” Katie slid the sleeve of her neon purple shirt back up her shoulder. Her bright, ocean-colored eyes met mine. “He treats her like a little sister/slave. He’s not worth it. Not yet.”
Every part of me stilled and then stiffened. Muscles along my back locked up. Skin prickled like a swarm of fire ants. I was a pretty level-headed person. So much so that when I died, I was pretty sure that “calm and collected” would be etched into my gravestone, but nothing, nothing made my head want to spin three-hundred-and-sixty degrees quicker than someone talking smack about him.
“Don’t say that about Brock.” My voice was cool, but fire was sparking deep in my belly.
“He’s a grown adult.” Katie shrugged a shoulder, ignoring my warning. “And he’s making his own decisions. Has been for as long as all of us remember, and you’ve been his little shadow.”
“Well, it sounds kind of pathetic when you say it like that.” I placed my glass back on the table before it accidentally slipped out of my fingers, and my epitaph changed to “ill-tempered and impulsive.”
“If the shoe fits . . .”