CHAPTER 6
My stomach was churning and full of knots the entire drive to the Lima Academy on Monday morning. I didn’t even know why I was so nervous. I knew how to manage the Academy. I’d grown up looking over my father’s shoulder as he ran the business.
Today was such a big deal.
I could buy so many more purses with my new salary.
And Rhage could start eating Fancy Feast.
But I was still as nervous as a cat in a room full of rocking chairs. I’d
woken up about an hour earlier than necessary, which meant I had time to style my hair, something I normally didn’t do when I went to work. Dressing in the wide-leg black trousers I’d picked last night, I paired them with a deep maroon blouse with lacy sleeves I found this morning. I still had more than enough time to make the drive from my apartment off of Del Mar Orchard Road to where the Lima Academy was situated a few miles outside of Shepherdstown, between the University and Martinsburg.
The Academy was located about a mile off of Route 45, beyond a sub- division and a small farm. I’d seen it a hundred times since it opened, but I couldn’t help but feel awed when the sprawling, three-story building came into view.
This was my father’s, but it was also mine.
The first floor was the state-of-the-art gym open to public membership. It came complete with separate rooms for classes, an indoor Olympic pool, sauna and whirlpool rooms, childcare for those working out, and of course, several tanning rooms, because why have all those sleek muscles and be pasty white? I rolled my eyes at that.
The second floor was dedicated to various martial arts classes, ranging from classes for kids who were interested in karate, to those serious about learning jiu jitsu, grappling (both standing and on the ground), striking, and so on, and of course, a training center for those looking to pursue a career in the mixed martial arts. Self-defense classes were also held on the second
 floor. There was a lot of available space on the second floor, and that was what my father had wanted me to focus on.
The top floor was offices—where my office would be located.
This was my family’s legacy.
And it was a part of mine.
I’d once told my friend Abby that I didn’t want to do what my family did,
but that had been a lie in the end. Maybe at that time I was going through some stage in life where I wanted to rebel against everything and everyone, but deep down I always wanted to be a part of it. So pulling into the parking spot was almost like I was finally, finally coming home.
I opened the back door and grabbed the box of personal items I’d placed on the back seat. I hadn’t brought much with me. A candle from Bath and Body Works that would make my office smell like a pumpkin had thrown up all over it. One framed photo of my parents from a couple of Christmases ago. A hot pink stapler that Avery had given me a year or so ago, and my Sam and Dean Winchester Funko Pops, because they went everywhere with me.
Feeling more ready, I rode the elevator up to the third floor, my sleek black bag dangling from my forearm since it had slipped down my arm. I nibbled on the inside of my cheek as the elevator slid to a gentle stop and the doors glided open.
Just like at the Academy in Philly, a sea of cubicles greeted me. They were all empty as I walked past them. It was still about an hour before the sales teams and trainers would arrive.
I walked toward the closed offices, my steps slowing as my uncle, Andre Lima, rounded the corner. With slightly graying hair, he was still more fit than most men in their twenties.
“Jilly!” He strode forward, his short but powerful strides eating up the distance. Grasping the box from my arms, he placed it on a nearby desk and then wrapped his arms around me. I squeaked as he spun me around like I was twelve. When he placed me back on my feet, I felt like I’d just gotten off a merry-go-round. “Look at you, all dressed nice and stuff.”
Andre was wearing khakis and a Lima-branded polo.
“You look nice too,” I told him, brushing my hair back from my face.
He laughed as he picked up my box. “This is my I’m almost out of here
clothing attire.”

“You really want to get back to Philadelphia, don’t you?”
“I miss it. So does Tanya, and you know what they say. Happy wife, happy life.” Andre winked at me. “Aren’t you here early?”
“I figured I’d get myself settled before everyone started showing up.”
“Smart idea,” he replied. “Well, let me show you the office. It’s new since we didn’t have a manager position before.”
Moving so he was to the left of me, I peeked over at him. “Can I ask you a question and you give me an honest answer?”
Grinning, he nodded. “When have I’ve ever lied to you, Jilly?”
“Does the staff think this position is unnecessary?” I asked.
He started to frown. “I’m not sure I understand what you mean.”
I guessed I couldn’t beat around the bush. “What I mean is, do they think
Andrew Lima randomly created this position for his daughter?”
“What?” Andre laughed. “No. Not at all. They actually think it’s a good idea. Trust me, I needed the help, and more than once I had to have one of my sales reps join me in meetings—spending extra time on the job in a way that’s not necessarily going to make them money. Now they’ll be able to focus on their accounts and training sessions while you’ll be accompanying
the new GM to meetings.”
That made sense. “Well, I’m relieved to hear they think it’s a good call.” “They do. So we had a contractor come and carve out a new office for
you,” my uncle explained, stopping in front of an office that had a glass front. “The office furniture just arrived. Never used, and it’s all yours.”
The office reminded me of a partial fishbowl. This was nothing like my tiny office with walls that weren’t see-through, but it was definitely nicer than I realized as I’d stepped inside.
The large, dark cherry wood desk was spotless—not even a fingerprint marked the shiny surface. A new desktop computer sat to the right. Beside it was a NASA-level phone system. Two chairs were stationed in front of the desk, and the chair behind it looked like it would be more comfortable than my bed. There was a credenza against one wall, and on the other was a large potted plant with palm leaves. Blinds covered the wall facing outside.
“What do you think?” Andre placed my box in one of the chairs in front of the desk.
“It’s great.”