CHAPTER 9
“I know what I’m doing.”
“No.” Brock, who was currently hovering behind my chair Friday
morning, reached around me and snatched the mouse out from underneath my hand. “I think you need to click that.”
“No, I don’t.” I smacked his hand away, taking control of the mouse as I tried to move the graphic over so it was centered. Brock’s sigh stirred the hair along my left cheek, sending a shiver curling down my spine.
“All you have to do is click on the centering button.”
“Yeah, I already did that.” I leaned to the right when he tried grabbing for the mouse again. I swatted his hand again. “Don’t you have something better to do?” I asked, scooting my chair back, which forced him to step aside. I looked up as he moved to lean against my desk. “Approving advertisements is my job. I would already have this done if you weren’t in here trying to backseat computer click me.”
“Backseat computer click?” His forehead creased. “That sounds kind—” “Don’t even say it.”
An innocent look crossed his face. “Apparently it’s not me who has their
mind in the gutter. I was going to say it sounded like a video game.” “Uh-huh.” Slowly, carefully, I moved the mouse just a fraction of a
centimeter, successfully centering the block of text. “Ah-ha! Done.” “You’re so talented.”
I shot him a look, and he grinned.
Paul appeared in the open doorway. He was a tall and lithe, middle-aged
man with fair blond hair and bright blue eyes. Dressed in the Lima Academy polo and black nylon pants, he blended in with any number of the sales associates out on the floor, but he was one of the trainers from the second floor. He’d been here since the Academy opened.
I didn’t know him very well since the trainers and scouts were mostly Brock’s responsibility, but whenever he looked at me, like he did now, I had the harsh impression that he thought my position was pretty useless.
 Most of the employees appeared to accept me, like Andre had insisted would be the case, but Paul looked at me like I was about as wanted as a cold sore.
He also reminded me of that dickhead who used to work in Philly, the one who cornered me in the supply room.
“Mr. Mitchell, do you have a moment?” Paul asked, his glacial gaze moving from me to Brock. “I have a couple of new students that I’d like you to check out.” He raised a file. “And see if you’d like to get them on film.”
“Be right there.” Tapping the bridge of my nose like I was five, Brock rose as he winked, and then swaggered out of the office.
Of course I watched him.
I couldn’t help myself. He gave good rear, which was annoying. I mean, where did he get those trousers and why did they fit his ass so well? Why?
Shaking my head, I turned my attention back to the computer and finished tweaking and approving the ads that had been submitted.
A couple hours later, after the daily sales meeting in the back conference room, I was gathering up the reports from the table when Brock asked, “So, you got any big plans for the weekend?”
I glanced over at him. His head was bowed as he scanned one of the sales reports that Jeffery had turned in. “Um, tonight, I’m babysitting Avery and Cam’s kids. It’s their date night.”
“That’s nice of you to do on a Friday night,” he remarked and then asked, “Is that how you normally spend your Friday nights?”
Cradling the stack of papers to my chest, I stared at the top of his dark head. “Not usually.”
“So you normally go out?”
I started to frown. “Sometimes.” Okay, that was a total lie, but the last thing I wanted Brock to know was that I was sitting at home with my mean, traitorous cat, alone and eating brownie batter. “Tomorrow I’m going to see an art exhibit.”
Brock slowly lifted his head. His eyes narrowed until only a thin slit of obsidian could be seen. “An art exhibit? That sounds . . . stimulating.”
The mocking, teasing tone pricked at my nerves. “Yes. I’m going with Grady.”
“Grady? That little guy you were at dinner with?”

 Little guy? “He’s not little.”
“He’s little.”
“Maybe compared to your gigantic, Godzilla-sized self, he’s little, but by
normal human standards, he’s not.”
A smirk graced his full mouth as he leaned back in the chair at the head
of the table. “I always thought you liked my gigantic, Godzilla-sized self. If I remember correctly, you loved that I could pick you up and throw you several feet in the air and into the pool.” He tapped the corner of his lips. “And I could do that because of my size.”
My cheeks flushed as I hastily glanced over my shoulder, grateful that none of the employees were anywhere near the conference room. “Yeah, well, I’m not ten anymore, Brock.”
“Huh.” He folded his arms on the table and leaned forward. “I also clearly remember doing that when you were twenty.”
The heat in my cheeks continued. “Is there a point to this conversation?” He chuckled, glancing back at his paperwork. “Not really.”
Eyeing him, I started to turn and then stopped, facing him once more. We
were . . . friends now. Friends meant I got to ask him about his weekend. “So, do you have any plans?”
“After work, I’m heading back to Philadelphia,” he answered, still looking down at the pages.
I guessed he was going home to Kristen. Or maybe she was at his home outside of Shepherdstown. They were engaged, so I imagined they lived together. “Are you keeping the house in Pennsylvania?”
Brock shook his head. “No. I’m in the process of selling it.”
“So, the move down here is permanent?”
“It’s looking that way.”
A weird little burst of happiness lit up my chest, and I ignored it, not even
wanting to look into the reasoning behind it. I wanted to ask him about his fiancée, but it seemed too weird to do so. “Well, have a good weekend, Brock.”
“You too,” he said, and when I turned and reached the door, he spoke again. “Is the little man known as Grady someone you’re seeing seriously?” Rolling my eyes, I twisted back around. I wasn’t sure what was going to
happen with Grady, but he didn’t need to know that. “I’m looking forward to seeing him tomorrow.”

Brock looked up just then, a slight smile on his face. “I know. I can hear all the excitement in your voice. Have fun looking at . . . artwork.”
I had this distinct feeling he was baiting me, but I really didn’t understand why. “I will.”
His head tilted to the side. “You deserve better.”
“What?”
Putting the papers down once more, he held my gaze. “You deserve better
than him.”
For a moment, I couldn’t even respond, and then I laughed. “Are you
feeling okay?”
His jaw tightened. “I’m feeling perfectly fine.”
“I’m asking because you’re telling me I deserve better than a man you
don’t even know anything about.” Anger, sweet and empowering, rushed me. “And frankly, it is not your place or your business to even suggest something like that.” On a roll, I lifted my chin. “And if you really want us to be friends, you can’t say crap like that to me.”
Silence stretched out between us and then he spoke.
“I don’t know you anymore,” he said quietly, and when I didn’t respond —couldn’t because the statement caught me off-guard, he tipped his head back. “I know the old Jillian. Could sit here all day and tell you about her, but this Jillian? I don’t know her.” A wry grin appeared. “But I want to.”
Thinking maybe something went wrong with his brain, all I could do was stare at him.
“By the way, I want something to be clear between us,” he said, holding my wide gaze. “There is not a single moment in the last two weeks that I’ve looked at you and seen the little girl I used to throw in the pool. I see a woman—a beautiful woman. Don’t tell yourself otherwise.”
